.\"     $Id: douf00.1,v 1.6 2011-02-04 17:26:33 natano Exp $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2010 Martin Natano <natano@natano.net>
.\" All rights reserved.
.\" 
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products
.\"    derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
.\" 
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
.\" OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
.\" INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
.\" NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
.\" DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
.\" THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\" (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
.\" THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

.Dd $Mdocdate$
.Dt DOUF00 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm douf00
.Nd fat free presentation tool
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm douf00
.Op Fl t|--time Ar TIME
.Op Fl b|--blank Ar BLANKSLIDE
.Op Fl e|--exit
.Op Fl s|--pre Ar PREDOUF00
.Op Fl p|--post Ar POSTDOUF00
.Op Fl B|--blankpage Ar BLANKPAGE
.Op Fl S|--password
.Op Fl a|--autostart
.Op Ar SlideDir|PDF
.Nm
.Fl h|--help
.Nm
.Fl -version

.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a lightweight, slim and straight forward presentation tool.
.Pp
It assists novice as well as expierienced speakers when giving lectures
and buissness meetings. With its simple presentors Screen that includes
current slide - next slide (preview) aswell as timers it is designed
to assist thoose of us, that are willing to step up their lectures
to the next level.
.Pp
If you place in your presentation directory a file with
the name blank.foo where foo can be: jpeg,jpg,png,bmp or pcx
that will be your blank slide, which shows up when you start
.Nm

.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl -version
Show the version number and exit
.It Fl h|--help
Show the help message and exit
.It Fl t|--time Ar TIME
The duration of your presentation in minutes.
.It Fl b|--blank Ar BLANKSLIDE
A blank slide which is shown before the first and after the last slide.
Please note, that unless this value is set, the first and last slide will
always be black.
.It Fl e|--exit
Exit after the last slide
.It Fl s|--pre Ar PREDOUF00
Run command PREDOUF00 after startup
.It Fl p|--post Ar POSTDOUF00
Run command POSTDOUF00 before the exit
.It Fl B|--blankpage Ar BLANKPAGE
The 1-based index of the PDF page to use as the blank slide.
.It Fl S|--password
Ask for the password of the PDF file
.It Fl a|--autostart
Automatically start the presentation

.Sh "CONFIGURATION FILE"
There is no requirement for having any configuration file at all. If you do
not have a configuration file, the program will use some sane default
settings. However, if you have a speakers remote, that you want to work with
.Nm
you should set it up in the configuration file.

.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width "~/.douf00/douf00.confXXX" -compact
.It Pa ~/.douf00/douf00.conf
Default
.Nm
configuration file

.Sh BUGS
There is a bug which prevents
.Nm
from going fullscreen under the
.Xr compiz 1
window manager. To work around this enable the "Legacy Fullscreen Support"
for compiz. Therefor you can use compizconfig-settings-manager.
.Pp
If you experience problems using
.Nm
please write a bug report to natanoptacek@gmail.com

.Sh "SEE ALSO"
.Xr impressive 1 ,
.Xr keyjnote 1 ,
.Xr ooimpress 1

.Sh AUTHORS
.An Martin Natano Aq natano@natano.net

